Australian Curriculum 10A Maths plus a Calculus unit is available for Year 10 students who wish to pursue higher level mathematical studies at College. A Preparatory course for the 10A course (Mathematics Extension), allows students in Years 9 and 10 to extend, enrich and challenge their mathematical thinking. General Maths Preparatory Course aims to provide students with an opportunity to be exposed to elements of the Senior General Mathematics Level 3 course that is offered in College. Essential Maths is an option for students who need to develop the basic numeracy skills.

Essential Maths is designed for students who require a structured and tightly focused course to develop their numeracy skills to a standard expected by workplace employers and for everyday adult mathematics. Not suitable for students who are achieving above grade level results.

The course will be delivered in a multitude of ways and lends itself to teaching and learning, set in contexts other than the traditional Maths classroom. Students will develop and demonstrate numeric competency while working on tasks other than traditional Maths exercises. Examples of settings for such tasks might be project-based learning, investigations, practical tasks, presentations, or a journal of numeracy. this is a one year course that can be studied in Year 9 or Year 10.

This course aims to provide students with an opportunity to be exposed to elements of the Senior General Mathematics Level 3 course that is offered in College. Students in this course will study various topics that are not offered in the 7 – 10 Australian Curriculum: Mathematics, but which are a part of the General Mathematics course. This will then provide them with a solid foundation leading into General Mathematics Level 3. This is a one year course thaqt can be studied in Year 10 only.

Who might be interested in Animal Husbandry & Marine Studies? This subject would appeal to students interested in the natural sciences and to those who would like to broaden their understanding about a wide variety of animal species. Students interested in the environment, animal welfare and conservation issues should also be interested in this course. Students intending to do Life Sciences in Year 11 or Biology in Year 11 or 12 should also consider this elective.

Prior experience in dance is helpful but not essential, as creative use of movement is a significant focus.